Add release notes template (#731)
freedomofpress/dangerzone: docs/templates/release-notes-security.md

This is a security release that mainly addresses CVE-XXXX-XXX. Our [security advisory](https://github.com/freedomofpress/dangerzone/blob/<RELEASE_TAG>/docs/advisories/<YYYY-MM-DD>.md) follows:

> <!-- Vulerability description for non-technical users -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Vulnerability description for non-technical users -->
```

**To reduce that risk, you are strongly advised to update Dangerzone to the latest version**.

# Summary

# How does this impact me?

# What do I need to do?

You are **strongly** advised to update your Dangerzone installation to <VERSION> as soon as possible.

---

> On other news, this release brings some Qubes related fixes (see our [security advisory](https://github.com/freedomofpress/dangerzone/blob/<RELEASE_TAG>/docs/advisories/<YYYY-MM-DD>.md)), and and <>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On other news, this release brings a fix for ([#4](https://github.com/freedomofpress/dangerzone/issues/4)) and a fix for ([#5](https://github.com/freedomofpress/dangerzone/issues/5))
```
